README.md, before:

### STM32F4 custom device driver libs and Code Examples (CE):<br>

The repo contains custom device driver libraries for STM32F4 series MCU and code examples developed using the same libs.

The repo has following code example(s) - <br>

1. blinky_app_stm32f407

---------------------------------------------------------
## Warning
The Software(s) assosciated and referred to in this repo, authored by ayushjain141 (Email: mr.ayush141@gmail.com) is intended to work in laboratory conditions only and are not tested for any security, safety and hazardous environment applications and is not intended to be used in any such cases. The referred software does not guarantee correct working in any safety-critical systems and in medical devices, the software should be used completely at user's risk only. In case of any form of failure or circumstances arising upon usage of the referred software the user is the only liable party and the author is not at all liable in any case. The referred software is liable to change without any notice to anyone and the author is not at all liable in any circusmtances arising because of these changes. For this or assosciated software, hardware and documents - any commercial logos, trademarks, copyrights, names and brands may be claimed as property of their respective owners.

Commit message:

Basic UART TX tested -
• Configured and enabled the UART by programming the STM32F407 registers.

• Transmitted a test string over the USART1 channel of STM32F4, to the CH341A
(USB interface chip) acting as a COM port interface for PC.

• The test string get's succesfully printed in Tera Term terminal program.

• Currently all code in main.c, will be converted to driver libs later.

README.md, after:

### STM32F4 custom device driver libs and test-case Examples (CE):<br>

The repo contains custom device driver libraries for STM32F4 series MCU and test-case examples developed using the same libs.

The repo has following test case examples(s) - <br>

1. blinky_app_stm32f407

---------------------------------------------------------
## Warning
The Software(s) assosciated and referred to in this repo, authored by ayushjain141 (Email: mr.ayush141@gmail.com) is intended to work in laboratory conditions only and are not tested for any security, safety and hazardous environment applications and is not intended to be used in any such cases. The referred software does not guarantee correct working in any safety-critical systems and in medical devices, the software should be used completely at user's risk only. In case of any form of failure or circumstances arising upon usage of the referred software the user is the only liable party and the author is not at all liable in any case. The referred software is liable to change without any notice to anyone and the author is not at all liable in any circusmtances arising because of these changes. For this or assosciated software, hardware and documents - any commercial logos, trademarks, copyrights, names and brands may be claimed as property of their respective owners.
